Various fixes (#21)
vacuumlabs/eshop-api: README.md

_Ask for access to Google Sheets ElectornicsDev sheet._

> Create two new slack channels. One for _news_channel_ another for _order_channel_. Add the _alzabottest_ app to both channels.

Reviewer: Here is a suggestion for the whole Development Setup section:
```suggestion
There is a Google Sheet for testing and also a test Slack App. However, the dev Google Sheet is currently out of sync with the production one, so I suggest carefuly testing against that and reverting all your changes after you are done.

_Ask for access to AlzaBot-Test Slack app_ [here](https://api.slack.com/apps/AEV7B5Y5D/interactive-messages?).\
_Ask for access to Google Sheets ElectornicsDev and Electronics sheet._

Create three new slack channels. For _news_channel_, _order_channel_ and _support_channel_. Add the _alzabottest_ app to all channels.
```
\+ the "Make a copy..." line
